don't you answer questions ? waiting 4 days for some help .	1	1
haven't seen him in a while . is he still riding and doing this stuff ?	1	1
also , you should come to next year . it'll be great .	1	1
how busy your have been boys i bet mummy is tired have a wonderful weekend xxx	1	1
i say if you build by the river you take that chance	1	1
t r hi m a a k t s . .	1	1
it's perfect for a no refreshing drink	1	1
you holiday at ? ?	1	1
lol doing a single with you do it coz you my best musician trust me do yo remember the picture i took with you during your music video with miss p you the best n you are great we love you	1	1
over the years living on the river , i have seen both and bald eagles dive for birds that were to big to get . three times i have seen them hang on and using their wings as , row themselves to shore where they their prey or were able to get them off the ground .	1	1
as it should be ! ! ! huge career , and he did a lot for the sport ! ! ! i for one , will miss him behind the wheel ! ! ! thank you jeff ! ! !	1	1
you'll need to build confidence and stop getting to the end giving up . . . go	1	1
for , check out our for , details for are at	1	1
talk about running up the score ! and is supposed to turn out great ? not anymore ! and how many missed tackles ? more than the score , i'll bet !	1	1
shit gets serious when u get old	1	1
i am disappointed in this post . i thought this was about education and inspiration ?	1	1
i have to have those ! !	1	1
i actually love this cream .	1	1
so sorry for your loss .	29	29
natasha murphy where did you get that belt i meant to ask you at the	1	1
t n s ten . .	1	1
a may man	2	2
love quest ! !	1	1
speaking of youtube it appears there has been an upgrade ! there's a search function too ! subscribe to my channel so you can get a little bit whenever you need it !	1	1
thank you mr president and god bless you and mrs bush ! ! ! !	1	1
my bosses ! they the couple that owns the business are so because they have who cannot eat , or milk . we often share recipes and resources . they are completely supportive of healthy and walk their talk . we have a nap room at work so if you need a few , you can take a nap ! martha is almost and in competitions ! you should see her go ! they are both inspiring and the best bosses ever !	1	1
thank you for posting this . beautiful	1	1
! you should see my shelves .	1	1
awesome awesome can't wait	1	1
to he . . . . he . . .	1	1
wow ! ! i know everyone has a right to their own opinion . . but do all of you know her personally and not just how she acts on a tv show . for . if not i can't believe all of these words . wouldn't this hurt your feelings ? !	1	1
could never bring ourselves to pull for the golden state warriors but we have to go over on this one .	1	1
hope they are not tattoos . they will regret it .	1	1
hi ! dj . . . noon move on , ang . . . play i'll always love you kay michael johnson . . dedicated to my wife at c at raven .	1	1
he's not trying to get answers , he's trying to protect her .	1	1
it would look good in my mouth	1	1
they need to rise up and take care of themselves for a change . they fight all the time and we don't need that here in .	1	1
is their relationship too much of a ? hmm . . it is when the media keeps it down our . just leave them alone .	1	1
great , though i'm disappointed that the won't be going to the . of course , it would be so much better if you know who was there to make the three in one complete .	1	1
like back n days !	1	1
jimmy not according to our french canadian drummer	1	1
they smashed it out of the park with they're acting ! ! ! ! well deserved dallas club	1	1
damn it girl . . . . . . . . . .	1	1
what good is a if he has no one to call the right plays and no line	1	1
car looks good	1	1
so beautiful ! thank goodness they like water ! it's been so hot . . .	1	1
an amazing show ! ! barry loves you ! ! !	1	1
tried to get some sunday but there was a huge line ; maybe next time . it looks so good ! !	1	1
a p s k a t	1	1
message . ? me , message site . site photos me source . . link board bit . fran olivia official message . hello i'm are you doing well ? because i miss you all , i'm happily writing on the official but the official wasn't working properly so i couldn't upload the relay pictures so i will write again in three days always missing you i love you source . . link board bit . please take out with full credits .	1	1
is happy to take over the bed . . . d	1	1
me a . . . x	1	1
no luke bryan , really ?	1	1
glenn should watch you work and you . oh wait . . . no one cares about your jobs !	1	1
just took my daughter to the bus stop and i thought that one of my kind neighbors threw salt on my steps but it was snow	1	1
oh no ! there is some sort of mountain up there ! how is the parking situation ?	1	1
day . and we are still here . . . . . . .	1	1
honestly i almost feel a bit bad for the national . . . . . i wouldn't want to have the pressure of playing after you guys ! ! ! ! !	1	1
you guys played an awesome show !	1	1
oh wow . . . . yummy !	1	1
why does the picture show the slim bar but it isn't marked down ?	1	1
bacon , bell peppers , and onion !	1	1
we did see it last saturday , we it !	1	1
what a horrible mistake . if only that life jacket had been placed in him properly . and the bill victim , age shouldn't have been drinking on the lake . that alone could have been a factor even if none of the other events had taken place .	1	1
. is officially live ! ! ! check out our official online store .	1	1
couple of mine didn't even know they got down wit all that n its got nothing to with color bad decisions not enough good role models people thinking r role models when half the they talk they don't do leading our youth to destruction	1	1
nolan is the man . . . . ! ! ! , if in your mind it's all the have going for them , it's all good . still proud ! !	1	1
well shaped	1	1
i can't believe i'm missing you guys on valentines day it's going to be the night of my life	1	1
how to see take that and spend a week in berlin for 4 , and how to see them in dubai , this friday !	1	1
yeah . here's what you do . you bang them .	1	1
please take a tour to my country !	1	1
wow i will definitely be praying for the people in that town and the people that are running this cult they call a church . let me guess they have their own modern version of the bible as well . either they never have read what my father has written in the book of the bible or maybe they feel they are above him and to fulfill their own need to be in control . on my knees right now ! !	1	1
! ! ! ! ! just saw clinton this with the tomatoes , on the chew a few days ago !	1	1
he needs to be after being drug behind a truck	1	1
t roy campbell	1	1
me had . lang , had . .	1	1
is this a pregnancy or a stomach ? looks like . . . . . .	1	1
my . lol ! ! ! nice one	1	1
its beautiful . i love your design	1	1
great work boys	1	1
brilliant . . . . love it x	1	1
me a . . . m	1	1
my kids graduated from college this year and it is flying by !	1	1
yes , sleeping on the job is a no no your getting paid to be alert dude .	1	1
r t v y t d	1	1
what a very well !	1	1
really need this right now , thanks !	1	1
i can't watch the show cause of work , so please , keep putting these videos up	1	1
v i . chuck 2 c a e h . c m e 1 3 r i	1	1
only make it	1	1
it was fun watching the game . you made it fun too .	1	1
it's yourselves a handful of diamonds with off ! just use the code cyber ! happy shopping xx . .	1	1
what kind of a mother would leave her children to this monster ? ?	1	1
was beautiful today ! ! !	1	1
he's like russell during the runs . defense carrying the team	1	1
friday night is always night .	1	1
replace of color with white and your club would be racist . the very thing men like fought against .	1	1
up for my birthday outing this sat with about a dozen of my friends lol better be ready for the around ; as long as i get my wine or cider , i will be happy lol	1	1
have delivered right to your door ! buy 4 and get the free !	1	1
will . . . . h . . . . .	1	1
thank you southwest . . . your the best ! !	1	1
i want on voting ? ? ? ? ?	1	1
loved it . . . steven tyler is a but loves country music ! !	1	1
so gut , . . . most wanted !	1	1
mine would look like a piece of burnt toast to what did to its after firing bob edwards . you can't toast , but you can bring back bob .	1	1
if you all love so much , why you asking them to double coupons ? does offer a gas discount ?	1	1
i would buy that taco .	1	1
life sucks .	1	1
so sorry for your loss !	6	6
this is where i wish i didn't have 5 other projects . fuck	1	1
t l n i , n m b m s c p , tv m .	1	1
happy friday to you too our company	1	1
enough i watch this clip , and it's 2 whenever i feel down . makes me feel better every time .	1	1
is waiting , i'm so exciting ! !	1	1
if you want to make decent sales , i'm confident you will have other posters available .	1	1
y bank	1	1
this set was amazing , i got to meet after the show . sad news about farmer he will be missed .	1	1
v m v t ,	1	1
v 5 c b n n d p t l n 5 c a pacific l v m y bay 1 u , i starter , bay t h h n i v o 9 , a g m , v c i u n p d .	1	1
a busy day today at the feast and ronnie had some friends ! we've known for a while now they make very fine tea , coffee and cake and will be opening their new in junction in the near future . it was also nice to meet the pizza with their wood fired oven in their van .	1	1
seattle humane s pet food drive ends today ! end your year on a high note by helping people and pets in need at seattle humane . drop in a pet food donation in a king county store today or donate through our wish list at	1	1
industry film bazaar exclusive film in digital for , buyers and festival . know more	1	1
in a ditch my car was spinning everywhere exit	1	1
3 years is a very short time ? ? ? ? you kidding me ? lol	1	1
let's . go ! ! ! !	1	1
is every thing bad for us ? i mean , good .	1	1
thank god for 2 souls saved on today .	1	1
sarah was the best . . . and michael excellent also ! well done .	1	1
it's hard merchandise in . like lobster . tyler is .	1	1
i think i lost a few brain cells , while i watched that video	1	1
god bless you , bryce !	1	1
viva big bend is just a couple weeks away july . check out the lineup schedule here passes are only . the far west texas towns of , , fort davis and marathon will host shows in . many people are not aware of the great climate that this area enjoys during the summer . for the first year of viva big bend , the high temps from to degrees the average high temps are in the upper . come out and chill with us .	1	1
are you ready for a fall of a life time ? now play and win unlimited free recharge	1	1
will you be playing made me a killer	1	1
rule of thumb , if it is smaller then a football , it's not a dog . jasper didn't meet a dog , he met a floor	1	1
it is about time . mass is the first state to gay marriage . this should of happened a long time ago or at least someone would of made the decision that no vet groups can march in the parade .	1	1
i'm comfortable with my lol	1	1
it kills your ability to stretch !	1	1
aren't dishes boring lol	1	1
i wanted to listen to it again and it never came on . darn .	1	1
what is it about rome ? guess there is a reason they ruled the world so long . . . i love it and will never get enough .	1	1
love them so love the blue ones . shared n a wish to n his lil	1	1
all i can say is wow ! ! ! ! awesome !	1	1
that's what i figured . . i like that the teachers teach the concept and i it . . and help them if they need it . another question i have is how long does it take the average student to complete lessons for the day . in sept . i will have a and a k .	1	1
at least your state got chosen ! i bet you know her too huh ?	1	1
amazing football season !	1	1
honestly i will never forget how the first time i seen her i thought she was a man ! ! ! ! . voice like big ang ! !	1	1
i'm sure they enjoyed it as much as you did . . .	1	1
joel , eat something would ?	1	1
max looks so happy to be there , looks like she's only there because he is .	1	1
i taken her ! ! ! we'll have to a separate photo shoot with her and my ! give her a big ole hug for me .	1	1
we're about to dig into a bag of our sea salt . . . . the perfect tool ! what should we dip them in ?	1	1
the car needs a washing . you are perfect .	1	1
it looks like im the only one interested for the wedding .	1	1
good luck and god bless and watch over the staff at huh !	1	1
i want to send an important e-mail to you , can you help me how to do it ? ? ?	1	1
nice but next stop not , but , at least . roger really deserve much more . only in there were , i love . . .	1	1
get well soon sweet	1	1
that's better . . . . volume up ! ! !	1	1
full of shit !	1	1
what a great idea ! and a merry christmas to all you pros too !	1	1
i am not here to judge whether he was right or wrong . i am saying he is an idiot for battery upon a media member . he will stand trial for all of the stuff he's accused of , and what he did on camera . our country is based on this . stop judging when the evidence speaks for itself	1	1
hello my name also known as mr . . we're shooting a video for a song produced by me called cowboy up for the fastest growing cowboys club in southern california called star status cowboys connection if u have any friends in southern cali with out dallas cowboys cars or trucks we would love for them to be in this video . . please inbox me thank you .	1	1
it was a steak and eggs kind of morning . have a badass thursday ! . .	1	1
yes , i would . . .	1	1
the way things are going they will keep on the as long as possible . what authority are we referring to ? it is the government at the helm . period .	1	1
t l , l i i d y c s . . .	1	1
good luck with the . . .	1	1
this from a man who couldn't do on monday !	1	1
this will do nothing but good for . women always do so well in .	1	1
great scent for relaxing w a good book	1	1
i loved yellow label tea ! it was a nice strong flavour colour . very impressed for a tea bag as i'm normally a loose leaf	1	1
heart touching y	1	1
can't wait to watch the lose !	1	1
to b t	1	1
patrick stewart is our master now .	1	1
! ang kids limited edition rio 2 prizes ! lang ang rio 2 cards specially marked packs . may 5 lucky winners draw , ! ang card ang prizes . good luck !	1	1
depends . are we in an room ? meow !	1	1
pat , you rock dude ! thanks for helping some folks out	1	1
what is going on between joey and ?	1	1
i am trying to get the reservation done , will do the sky diving or the base diving from	1	1
don't lose your when things don't go your way . gets the decision in this swiss robbery . michael to the left handing the score card back , saying it's wrong . . .	1	1
how are the jets and above the the jets and the both lost from a pats fan	1	1
i just died dj campbell	1	1
s k books u will like	1	1
i knew that had an engine but ? . . . wow . that's for a road car	1	1
, a is m s , y . . .	1	1
stay safe out there , guys !	1	1
i think this is going to be a crazy season ending	1	1
full affection to family , kind to , less argue , less anger , hard worker . . . my father and i i miss him . .	1	1
happy birthday to both of us !	1	1
t n i , n r . . . . . .	1	1
couldn't agree more , mr .	1	1
june image of the week here we are in front of the . louis after the marathon , rachel and megan cook , wrote megan , who sent this image back in . we met as freshman at before college even started . we stayed friends through college , often running and rock climbing together in the . we always wanted to run a marathon together , and this past weekend we ran the go ! . louis marathon with 3 , other runners , noted megan . at temperatures of degrees it was brutal race , but we finished . all the runners towards the back of the marathon were and had to run the half marathon because of the heat . we were able to finish the full marathon and we didn't walk at all ! rachel was such an incredible support and encouragement for me , i thank god for her friendship and for the time we had together at . megan her note by 9 new living don't you realize that in a race everyone runs , but only one person gets the prize ? so run to win ! all athletes are in their training . they do it to win a prize that will fade away , but we do it for an eternal prize . so i run with purpose in every step . i am not just . i discipline my body like an athlete , training it to do what it should . otherwise , i fear that after to others i myself might be .	1	1
just keep having fun mate , and the rest will fall in place ! !	1	1
diva eve torres !	1	1
hot r t care ? i i bit . .	1	1
n y p c m u m i n m x x , s t i c , .	1	1
i love you nash 3	2	2
because real madrid isn't more than a club . he is like a society of football , money is all that looks for	1	1
everyone should know this knowledge ! ! ! !	1	1
think about that the next time you open your mouth and people	1	1
do you buy download these on your computer and just read watch the info ?	1	1
i think everyone should stop being a expert on music and be open minded to shit . this sounds like this and that sounds like that really dude if it easy why the fuck you famous or making music . truth is these guys work hard and long just to finish a song put it out on a big label and laugh at mother like you talking shit while they make money on it .	1	1
now that's a jumper	1	1
joe . . . didn't it hit in 5 ? around the of july ? at least it was like that in . county .	1	1
do this no	1	1
top service ! no time .	1	1
so pro show	1	1
i don't have a computer , laptop , or tablet so literally anything would be great . this in particular would be fantastic	1	1
i like this logic !	1	1
it's so beautiful . i miss the ocean	1	1
buy our standards guidance easily at the click of a button . visit the online shop here	1	1
thanks for the tag n , it was a good read .	1	1
thoughts and prayers for all the family and friends !	1	1
i have an original pressing on vinyl but the condition blows unfortunately . i wouldn't mind watching that either , maybe i'll order this , have to think about it	1	1
congratulations to both of you , good health , happiness , long life and plenty of laughter on your journey together	1	1
i understand this post and i fully relate . i commute from new jersey to daily by train and subway . i'm usually in some degree of pain yet my disability is invisible . i'm not bad enough to need a or walking stick , in fact , i'm better walking than i am standing . it's rare that i get a seat on the subway and sometimes i spend my entire 1 hour commute standing because the trains are . my feet , , knees , hips are on fire and a sudden from the train subway sends pain down my spine . but i don't ask someone to give up their seat . a i don't know what battle they are fighting , they may need it more than me . b i'm usually on the subway for 1 stop before switching trains so it's sometimes not worth fighting for the seat for 1 stop . most days i manage , but there are the days like yesterday , when i had so much pain in my left hip down my left leg that i couldn't lift it enough to take a full step , so i was like an year old . up those subway stairs didn't work out so well and i ended up up the stairs and falling forward . i broke my fall with my hands and paid for it with pain for the rest of the day . not one person stopped to help or see if i was ok . shouldn't be any wonder why i don't want to ask those same people to their seats . . . sorry for the long reply . . .	1	1
wow great job	8	8
sounds good , as long as it's made from juice . i usually run out of juice before .	1	1
only and left of don't miss your chance to get one ! . . .	1	1
it took me seconds to realize the head was on repeat	1	1
because it is ! it was passed to make it more of a burden on the people who work in this country , and free for those who don't , can't is another story !	1	1
good it survived the .	1	1
steve please check your inbox for your humble bundle gift now gift 2 and 3 is coming soon . please wait for the winners to be announced	1	1
i can buy this	1	1
she is beautiful even without makeup . a little on the lips and her natural eyebrows would make her look vulnerable	1	1
play before bush push . . . . . . . . ball flies out at the 2 yard line . . . . place ball at half yard line . . . . . they got not once but twice ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1	1
what temp is it give girls from heading over tomorrow can't wait	1	1
looking tasty !	1	1
given what the upcoming festive season is supposed to be about . . here's an opportunity to do something positive for someone you'll probably never meet .	1	1
has been extreme since its very ! nothing really peaceful about this violent male cult ! is a violent , evil male the prey on the weak , innocent , and of course the or bound . ! do you believe in ? still practices it ! sexual abuse and rape ? adult muslim buy and sell women and little girls and little dancing boys of to the highest male to use and abuse as that male wants . , , and of course . muslims have declared they are at war with and all countries and even muslim time for our congress to side step obama , who is a muslim supporter , and declare is at war with muslim terror and it is time to put political in the trash ! declare it war and it is time to all the in our country without notice to make sure they are not supply for the muslim among us ; it is time to profile and to all on . time to limit the number of muslims coming here . . . . . it is time to stop giving automatic to the anchor babies these muslims are producing by the hundreds if not thousands . call your and demand that automatic to anchor babies be stopped immediately ! the are the bills for all these living who take all the free benefits and give nothing back in return except their demands and ! we are the only country that still has automatic for anchor babies and some of these people have to kill us ! this , has got to stop ! i will stand with one nation under i will never be correct when it comes to protecting my country ! i will never bow to muslim this is ! land of the free and home of the brave ! i count myself as one of the free and brave ! ! ! ! god bless ! congress get off your and do something about the among us !	1	1
. to british columbia then francisco , then texas , then on to florida for the , then back to . awesome trip . lots of great places , and great people met along the way . building another to do the trip again ! !	1	1
you're already in our hearts	1	1
no . we have close 4 day . up u too .	1	1
m . n c b o n v i b a l t e k . t e . g i v y r i , m c n n c n e c k i c u , c c n l , ace n e m i n l i c u h i e l g i n n t m hi u t m l , c a e , l c y m i d n d n a e v v i o c . c i u m n c . n s hi u c . c t t v i m m e u , h m u c b . k m c k c a l u u	1	1
thank you guys so much . you also were the ones who made a great course d	1	1
mine already in freezer at our waiting for bbq weather	1	1
i need to go smell some	1	1
now that the holidays are fast approaching , your friends and loved ones with the perfect gift for travelling gift cards ! click here to	1	1
how isn't ronnie rushing in here	1	1
black jacket night party 2 the c . a . r .	1	1
, our family had a live shaking medical crisis last month , you have to live life to the fullest everyday .	1	1
love me right romantic universe i i m t y ! i n m t y ! ! , n t i em s v i i m t y y h m tim c u m v i h h	1	1
m t , 1 s n l p clan m i , b y h l clan , em n	1	1
when you're supposed to be and instead you're . my are still going strong !	1	1
hi i try to pay at slots and they don't take money from why ?	1	1
save lives ? i find this an odd sell coming from someone who did away with the motor cycle helmet law ; just	1	1
i am so happy for you . . . . have a son who's waiting for kidney . . .	1	1
some high brow from	1	1
she is a lovely queen	1	1
h y t t n i n i i 3 1 t l h i b n y v v	1	1
boy now the people are coming out of the wood work about and all . they sure took there time all so that the taxes of have more to pay .	1	1
both my , hugs	1	1
, fans and more to come thank you !	1	1
be safe during your travels and have no worries about your task . your comment already shows that you all are approaching this from a good place and that will come through in the end result . have fun and enjoy the process !	1	1
, p n a ! y me . me a me 1 y . like , n ! .	1	1
awesome to see hank back on the ice , hope all healed up ready to play 3	1	1
still not convinced . i think they chosen someone better however she is the first to have a feature movie . michael was laughed at until his batman came out and now it's probably the best one to date . i can't put this one in a category of just batman or just superman . this is a brand new category all on its own . i guess time will tell .	1	1
hello pls i need a job my name s i am	1	1
we've created a new playlist for june full of all our stores songs .	1	1
when is it dollar beer ?	1	1
would love to go next year .	1	1
isn't the store required to have insurance ? ? what happened to this employee is horrible . this owner is someone not worth working for .	1	1
keith ! ! yet he still plays the hell out of it .	1	1
c a c 1 s g p v i c c em l m meeting	1	1
is a very nice person	1	1
yes easy but just need mins free to actually be able to play it .	1	1
voted for you , obviously	1	1
i don't care to get into examples , partly because there are so many of them to choose from , but it is almost an everyday for me personally and is an everyday for my school district . very dangerous , please show some and pay attention a school bus driver	1	1
took a friend to , his first , couldn't make it . he had to go up the today and saw that 3 ship , i'm not jealous .	1	1
hey fans ! if you are looking for some creative ways to cook with check out our . lots of recipes ! ! !	1	1
they look happy and they should be . thanks for being true fans .	1	1
long campbell	1	1
that coat must be hiding baby bump ? it's huge !	1	1
come on ladies ! fight back ! !	1	1
i have to say my mother or father never kissed me or my brother and sister on the lips .	1	1
i don't like the green , either .	1	1
put the gun down and step away . . . .	1	1
thank you guys ; so glad we got to see you in . already looking forward to the next one !	1	1
awesome i a lake house that whole week	1	1
, a ! ! ! blue rose , show , ; stay	1	1
these upper party and won't succeed . . only people are upper . .	1	1
happy birthday bella ! !	1	1
i wish we could have a . that wouldn't buy land in a small town here , let alone a house as well . love the us house prices !	1	1
well what's the point of getting the fast pass if you're going to wait the entire day to use it anyway . i like it . it the options purpose more .	1	1
with the mayor , and the young ladies learning tech from the m . i . t i know i can program .	1	1
four years ago i fell in love with a little year old who was up for adoption at . her previous owners had to surrender her as the unit they were moving into wouldn't allow them to keep her . is the happiest dog ! you can tell that she has always been loved cared for knows lots of tricks so someone spent lots of time teaching her . it must have broken her previous owners hearts to have had to give her up because she really makes you feel special so loved . i think about them often wish that they knew that their little girl is in a happy home with a little brother sister , who she !	1	1
it's so much more than technology for this is how they will hear the word . so then faith comes by hearing , and hearing by the word of god	1	1
well , , i don't have children , but i can't imagine it's rocket science to take once you've learned their habits , and keep them from , you know , dying . there's what like 7 billion people in the world , and a vast majority of them are probably , but their kids are still surviving long enough to have kids of their own and the species .	1	1
great picture all ! !	1	1
they were smart to bring you back . .	1	1
who said acting is necessary to be a star . . . she is making use of an opportunity to the max . . that's what they do . .	1	1
we use a lot of cut up chicken for , homemade thai food , tacos , etc . so i usually take some of the chicken breasts i'm going to freeze and cut them up first . that way it faster , and is ready to go when i need it !	1	1
happy birthday to my beautiful friend of tornado , ! big hollywood style party starring as marilyn . great job mom party planner , !	1	1
when my daughter found out she was pregnant she stopped taking all her and amazingly she never had one during her pregnancy . her first one was 2 months after my birth . somewhere in all of this i think play a part . if you knew the whole story you might agree .	1	1
for the love of my family , which now includes my new grand daughter !	1	1
letting jesus take the wheel .	1	1
you are my favourite , super frankie ! 3	1	1
but are she s are	1	1
fair enough , but just saying there they uses to be good makes you sound like a man ! the new record is awesome and so is their old stuff ! well i think so at least	1	1
bad luck ! ! !	2	2
just saw the new plans on the news and it looks really good , well thought out and person friendly , i love the fact that we are going to have a covered stadium which means it will bring concerts and sporting events and of course money into so well done who drew up the plan , a thumbs up from this family .	1	1
i've heard and believe that if you can be friends with your ex you were probably never truly in love . if you're hanging with the past you will never move forward . . . and we owe ourselves that .	1	1
only ten days	1	1
i want ! ! ! ! maybe for christmas i'll treat myself to this little gem	1	1
the fuck is this guy ?	1	1
i think should be on the list because they and .	1	1
! love it brian hall !	1	1
this is my prayer for my kids x	1	1
bollywood 4 ever bollywood 4 ever	4	2
encouraging , in the mean time , enjoy the journey of his presence you wait !	1	1
, i hope my store gets this ! !	1	1
y are people so of u all , they should get u off here if they like it hope u had fun	1	1
lord what went wrong with him and terry moore it could being that bad	1	1
guys , your photos inspire as much as your music . new album , new show in , !	1	1
respect your mother ! you only have one ! spoil !	1	1
all i want is that couch and my life will be made .	1	1
my husband and i enjoy the home group . merry christmas ! !	1	1
the same should be done for people who feed the sea .	1	1
test must hr word k word jo . like fox clever then i will send some interesting info about u 1 horse 2 cat 3 rat 4 coffee 5 sea answers me g same ok . . . it's very very interesting !	1	1
discovery discovery for sale for parts or as a project . been for the last year , has low , , great runner when on the road . very reliable and body work is ok . if you are looking for a vehicle that needs a little work , this is the one ! , break it for parts for your own project . follow link for more . . . .	1	1
is doing so well ! she is so relaxed exploring everything . a few here and there but all of the seem willing to get to know her . monkey and thunder are especially sweet with her . monkey can barely wait to play with her ! i'm glad it is going so well . i agree with one of the other posters that you need to put us out of our and adopt her . she clearly loves you and sharon so much and looks so happy in your home .	1	1
tom and jerry as a coin box and they're after your savings !	1	1
i would like guy harvey seat covers for my jeep .	1	1
we missed him at last week so it will be fun to see him in houston !	1	1
it would be impossible to push a or a wheelchair along there	1	1
always wanted to be a police officer but ill never be one but what i can be is a proud and loyal supporter , i know you will never let us down and pro we the people should never let you down but it happens unfortunately . thank you for your service every one of you you are our our our and our you are our police and you are the best	1	1
wow ! we didn't know was working with this !	1	1
florida gold coast , win gold on day one of photo matthew , michelle , campbell	1	1
never tried this one . . it's on my to list now !	1	1
best birthday present ever . thanks guys . you are the greatest .	1	1
it's gonna be amazing ! !	1	1
out here in . too bad i can't get outside to clean the last couple of flower beds .	1	1
i think its a great thing and all but i find it wrong if you don't own a lot of your you get only 2 months ! but yet if you do own a boat load of your plug ins you get 6 months free ! i don't even think i will even get to use and have time in two months before it ends ! i guess i did it for no reason . i its a great thing your doing but yet think you should give the 6 months to all ! i was planning on eventually buying the entire package !	1	1
i talked to some guys from tennessee in mason county today they said this been if they would've had the trees brush cleared back like they should . . but its not there fault . it has to come from orders from the big office . . the same one that wants to keep raising our bills . thanks to the guys out there working in this mess though !	1	1
never seen the glen looking that good ! the is just incredible !	1	1
shout out to the guy with the massive fan in front of the dj booth	1	1
what is for ps 3	1	1
flag day ! show us your side !	1	1
yes we will ! d	1	1
to eat with less guilt !	1	1
i think you could easily cut billion from the budget	1	1
happy day to all you moms on the ship ! ! ! ! !	1	1
oh , yeah . . . . . . !	1	1
check this out ! brad paisley decided to kick off the houston rodeo the right way and said since into taking now , here's his submission . george h . w . bush	1	1
awesome ! ! ! looking forward to it ! your voice is so and sweet . you will be amazing .	1	1
great question , ! you can here	1	1
your wish came true ! !	1	1
its our pleasure ! 3 lush you both much	1	1
we're thrilled to be one of food tank the food think global food to watch !	1	1
he won't join that's for sure . he can all he wants , the fact is that he is a to liverpool , to football and to himself .	1	1
i agree with u sir muhammad	1	1
. s y twitter ! x !	1	1
it i . . . i do plus	1	1
pic , to bro . , your positive vibes have always impressed the world on youtube since you stood in the gap for your dad , we love you right back cuz your message is love	1	1
yay ! ! let's do something right , for a change ! !	1	1
you need a sweater or coat little one !	1	1
who's excited for our tour ? ! ? ! ? ! manchester is looking to sell out next . . . get your tickets now ! !	1	1
l request one of your service to call me its had to reach that number	1	1
the rockets to take game 2 of the championship over the brandon wheat kings hockey club by a score of . now leads the series . full recap	1	1
up ! we believe in you	1	1
happy of july ! a reminder both shops are closed today so our employees can spend time with their families . have a fun and safe day !	1	1
god bless this young man .	1	1
davis basketball recently made thank you calls to all the purchased season tickets for the upcoming year ! join the family ! get your tickets at . .	1	1
oh , this really at the . . .	1	1
yes we will ! !	2	2
what's the ingredient you have ever put in your ?	1	1
it up . . . on the barry talk show . . . that's my ! have a great tour , see you in detroit !	1	1
hilarious . why is the photo associated with the post a police officer . the and 9 deaths have nothing to do with the police . baltimore is just back to business as usual the racist white police had nothing to do with it . the system had nothing to do with it . . . . . go check with the crowd who claim black lives .	1	1
u should go for model i vote for u ! ;	1	1
est y d as . m s , .	1	1
does the size really matters ? among the , and , which one would make you feel more secure ? ! 7 !	1	1
i am that the pictures in my news feed contain mostly male students working . the only picture of a female student is of a woman looking at artwork .	1	1
? ? s . . die l t blind fast will die den no h t l ! s	1	1
if we go hanging , if we go to the , or we go to the firing squad , electric chair , you're still going to have the same circus atmosphere behind it . so is it really going to matter ?	1	1
well here we go with another	1	1
debbie we're going here , please	1	1
i love my . i love the taste of the coffee . i do not like the price of the coffee . guess you can't have it all .	1	1
about time , should have happened years ago !	1	1
could lead months in prison or a 5 , fine , or both .	1	1
who cares . . . he is terrible anyway !	1	1
we are waiting for a long time will not forget !	1	1
or else what . pull a chelsea on me o . o ? lol	1	1
must b given chance to delhi a honest n party	1	1
pay off my bills and move to cali	1	1
vegas . . . sheryl crow	1	1
i ain't been lucky enough . but me to make it there .	1	1
they should also find out why loves weapons made in the us	1	1
a very wise thing you said drink and is another one !	1	1
don't make excuses guys .	1	1
without wine . .	1	1
couldn't agree more hannah !	1	1
they do and say whatever is convenient for them . both are total and .	1	1
hundreds of tires being dumped in marion county , they are causing a driving read more at	1	1
i always follow rules , but sometimes i cant read some difficult english or car name because i am playing the chinese version of . please take care of me and thanks for you guys .	1	1
auto like get max t i . 3 t n b t k , i d i . t i . vip . t o 1 t like b n b t i . net	1	1
listening to it now . . . beautiful !	1	1
u could just make it for me as a gift u know . i hate them all . most never understand	1	1
way to soon	2	2
n hill	1	1
, , i , ? ? ? , . i . . .	1	1
i think he was my favorite all time rescue . so glad we took him . my husband still misses him . what a great dog ! ! brandon	1	1
oh my she has a new hair color and it looks good	1	1
beautiful ! i wish i could get up there to enjoy it . we have no such fall colors down here !	1	1
nothing made us happier today than this	1	1
what the hell yeah y	1	1
sweet friday	1	1
i've got a lock on	1	1
he does not really need to train much protect that aging body . worth more on the field than at training . just his being there gives them confidence .	1	1
oh yes right	1	1
why can't i transfer my marathon ? ? ?	1	1
make some noise guys in republic ! ! !	1	1
when u figure it out please come visit my folks as well	1	1
cracking campaign , great work guys ! !	1	1
b b n n h c d m n i . n c n a c . c i u vs c c i c a b n y . k t b n b c c c n y t m n vs b n l t t n c a b n o b n p s m 3 3	1	1
great photo ! wish i could have been there . . .	1	1
good luck cover	1	1
good performance next may god bless our team	1	1
, your interview on katie show was an because she was clearly and . how did you stay so calm and when you probably should have walked out .	1	1
it look so good ad . i will try when i come back to . so amazing . .	1	1
ms and god bless you . . .	1	1
lol what a guy	1	1
it's so funny i can't stop laughing . bravo jake !	1	1
too bad that i already got bored of it . . they still have a lot to work to do . .	1	1
can i give u one	1	1
the are coming . . . the are coming ! we had a great time at our first of two christmas performances . let's do it again on monday !	1	1
come back in about minutes and we'll have something for you about academic success . or just look at the previous post ! the women's golf team was recognized by the just yesterday for their performance in the classroom .	1	1
never no who needed it seriously . . . . . . . sure hope his daughter stays in school	1	1
so proud of my family	1	1
wednesday ! does your chevy do ? this one does , route to 5 . mph in the on . check it out	1	1
if you don't like the new album you aren't a fan and clearly aren't listening to it loud enough . it's their best album to date if you really listen to it	1	1
first time there . can't wait !	1	1
oh my ! ben doggie is to old to fly .	1	1
i love ella ella by france too but i don't think it ever in the	1	1
you don't need them fake ! you need real friends who love you as much as i enjoy watching you grow into the beautiful women you are ! i wish i lived out there be friend take care love !	1	1
this has always been one of my top favorite kg songs 3	1	1
n h t ? t m n ? h t my s . t m n k s p .	1	1
then how would you suggest dealing with those that want to be in charge , yet do not wish to be responsible ? ? in my mind these principles go hand in hand . . . . . .	1	1
it is saying your system does not recognize the code	1	1
he is good but i love oh what a savior ? that one of my favorite .	1	1
the beautiful ! halloween ! ! saturday , november in good rome , . bring yo costumes and see for one good time . . .	1	1
loved this book ! ! !	4	4
where's at on the north tour ? we're north ! !	1	1
m bat , , sang . v , , son but , car a . des r ; , , pour . place d t . . quote of sunday the credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena , whose face is by dust and sweat and blood , who ; who and comes short again and again ; because there is not effort without error and ; but who does actually strive to do the deed ; who knows the great , the great , who spends himself in a worthy cause , who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst , if he fails , at least he fails while daring greatly . so that his place shall never be with those cold and souls who know neither victory nor defeat . t . . good sunday . bon !	1	1
i'll be at . can't wait for the new album . . better play this song live . . . unless don't want to . it's your band not mine lol	1	1
need full blown . remote starts and everything	1	1
that is awesome ! such a wonderful thing to think of !	1	1
taking his life didn't mean much 5 . 9 m . . . each child should get that much . new york city	1	1
love you jared my dreams my angel 3	1	1
im u ! happy and see u tonight ! im coming to your concert tonight for my birthday !	1	1
take him if i was man u . yes it's a but they need desperately	1	1
cant wait to see you guys live	1	1
happy birthday a great milestone and thank u for service for helping to keep my family living in freedom	1	1
i am too hungry please show me otherwise i will come to you	1	1
are you sure it's written by ? lines	1	1
hi yes should be able to get blue ribbon , this one is posted in .	1	1
i see myself healed by god to receive a jonathan in my life !	1	1
go for it rush ! !	1	1
! . loves you !	1	1
dec . 6 is the . keeping our fingers crossed it makes it !	1	1
we have your ultimate move in day guide !	1	1
fresh catches tonight .	1	1
a , ! favor . a . a m s !	1	1
is not having a good night tonight , but i'm sure the team will do their best !	1	1
i wish that i could be there . love tracy .	1	1
come here also can see u	1	1
